README.md, before:

# Portfolio

## Description
A simple portfolio scaffold. The live version can be found here: https://hs-portfolio.herokuapp.com


## Language, Frameworks and Libraries
Built using React.js.


## Development Server

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Commit message:

changed url; added Github Pages deployment instructions

README.md, after:

# Portfolio

## Description
A simple portfolio scaffold. The live version can be found here: https://huishun98.github.io/


## Language, Frameworks and Libraries
Built using React.js.


## Deploying on Github Pages
1. Follow instructions in [this post](https://dev.to/yuribenjamin/how-to-deploy-react-app-in-github-pages-2a1f) by Ibrahim Ragab.
2. In the project directory, run `npm run deploy`.


## Development Server

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.
